# Challenges

There are a list of challenges I encountered while doing this project.
1. This is the first computer science project I completed from start to finish by myself completely from scratch, so I was unfamiliar with the process and how much I could actually accomplish in a week, or even 10 weeks, so I had a little trouble coming up with an idea I knew I could finish in a short amount of time.
2. As a result, I initially implemented this project in a single module, not realizing how quickly this became unwieldy. It seems obvious now, but I had to balance this project with a tough courseload, so some aspects such as common sense fell by the wayside.
3. This meant the end of term was very rough for me even though my features were working as I had to refactor most of my code into separate modules and classes.
4. Parsing commands is not very easy to do, especially when there are so many of them! The most difficult part was parsing when the column types and values had spaces within them, so I had to change the way I parsed commands, and my rushed fix for that might lend itself to future work. Otherwise, I had to be very comfortable with regex and/or similar parsers and I am very grateful that this is not my first time working with regex.
5. Making the storage format possible for any JSON file is difficult, because you need to anticipate as much of the user's needs as possible. I made the choice to remove as much of the metadata as possible, even though the user might want it, since that does not seem very useful. Also, I wanted the user to have as much say on the loading as possible, which is why I allowed them to specify which keywords to spot when loading both of them in. If one or the other is missing or not found in the file, I use default labels for columns (which was why I enabled the renaming option in the end), and searched for the largest possible blob of possible data to include as the dataset.
6. I had to finish this project with a tough courseload. Enough said.